chore(docs): Add guidelines for testing components (#2250)
Amsterdam/design-system: documentation/tests.md

# Tests

We test our components to ensure their quality and prevent unintended changes.

> ## Unit test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unit tests
```

| Method    | Description                                                |
| :-------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| Input     | User interactions.                                         |
| Output    | Functional behaviour.                                      |
| Principle | Custom functionality produces the same expected behaviour. |
| Example   | When opening a accordion section, is the content visible.  |

Not all components have interactions tests, if a component has custom functionality it should have an interaction test.
Interaction tests are located within the test story, `component.test.stories.tsx`, within the [play](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-stories/play-function) option of the story.

## Visual test

| Method    | Description                                   |
| :-------- | :-------------------------------------------- |
| Input     | Variant of a component.                       |
| Output    | Visual appearance of the component.           |
| Principle | Find unintended changes to the visual output. |
| Example   | Does the button still has a border?           |

All components should have their own visual tests.

> Visual tests are located within the test story, `component.test.stories.tsx`, which should render all variants of the component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each component must have its own visual tests.
The visual tests can be found in the test story `component.test.stories.tsx`, which should render all variants of the component.
```
